# Student Calander application was developed using Amazon cloud services where client software was done for iOS and web server was developed using PHP and MySQL.

This application was done during my second work placement and a complete work placement was carried out as startup project. We started this project from the brainstorming of the project idea. Scrum methodology was use to facilitate the development process. The workspace setup was done using Git as version control system and Manthis was used for bug tracking.

During this project I contributed mostly for the client software but I was responsible for both client and Mysql database design. I also worked to create mobile web services (i.e. pull_data1.php) for the communication between web server and iOS client. Client application was developed using Objective C programming language. XMLPerserGroup class is responsible to extablish the communication between the iOS client and mobile web service. When the connection is established this class fetch the data and stores new contents in the device database using core data framework. AddEvent class collects the user inputs then it saves it to the local database and sends data in XML format to the web server to insert the data in the MySQL database. pushCalanderViewController class is used to load all the views when the application first starts. SecondViewController displays the list of all the events in the database with edit, view and delete options. When an event is selected from the list it navigates to DetailViewController and the same view controller is also used to edit the event. It would have been nice to have some pictures of the application but I do not have mac-book and iPhone. Due to that reasion I do not have chance to run this application.     

